Add how to send mail to Docker FAQ (#3373)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/docker/faq-wazuh-container.rst

      - elastic-data:/usr/share/elasticsearch/data

This will store elasticsearch data inside ``elastic-data`` volume in the Docker host's local file system.

How can I send emails on a Docker deployment?
---------------------------------------------

Wazuh expects an SMTP relay in the config, usually on a VM you can install it on the same host (as described on this `blog post <https://wazuh.com/blog/how-to-send-email-notifications-with-wazuh/>`_), but in a container environment an individual service is recommended.

> The role of a SMTP relay is to forward the mail notifications from Wazuh to a valid mail server, in this example we're accepting unauthenticated mail from the manager and forwarding it to the SMTP service by using valid credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role of an SMTP relay is to forward the mail notifications from Wazuh to a valid mail server, in this example we are accepting unauthenticated mail from the manager and forwarding it to the SMTP service by using valid credentials.
```

Author: Fixed in 83b25a20d
